Information
===========

YouTube
-------

Each installment of the series is published on YouTube to the Office 365 Update
Series Playlist (<https://aka.ms/o365update-youtube>) which is part of the
Office Videos Channel (<https://www.youtube.com/user/officevideos>).

Blog
----

The companion blog at <http://aka.ms/o365update-blog> hosts this document and
articles related to this video series.

Full Video
==========
[![Office 365 Update: October 2018](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Al_EkES_4zE/hqdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/Al_EkES_4zE "Office 365 update Series")

Transcript
==========

Introductory Comments
---------------------
[![Office 365 Update: October 2018](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Al_EkES_4zE/hqdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/Al_EkES_4zE "Office 365 update Series")

Welcome to the Office 365 update for October of 2018. In the next few minutes
I\`ll be giving you a quick rundown of the latest Office 365 updates, with the
goal of helping you get the most out of the service.

Microsoft Ignite Book of News
-----------------------------
[![Office 365 Update: October 2018](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Al_EkES_4zE/hqdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/Al_EkES_4zE?t=18 "Office 365 update Series")

[Microsoft Ignite Website](https://www.microsoft.com/ignite)

[Microsoft Ignite Book of News](https://aka.ms/ignitebookofnews)

By the time you watch this video, Microsoft Ignite 2018 will have wrapped up.
It’s is one of the premier events for IT professionals, and a great opportunity
to both deep dive on Microsoft technology and learn about what’s coming. There
were far too many Office 365-related announcements at Ignite for me to cover in
the short time we have together and there is also news prior to Ignite that I
haven’t gotten to yet. While I’ll try and get to most of the significant Ignite
announcements this month and next, I did want to point to a document called the
Microsoft Ignite 2018 Book of News. It is your guide to all the announcements we
made the first day of Ignite, with summaries of the news and links to more
information. Feel free check out at <http://aka.ms/ignitebookofnews> or use the
link I provide in the transcript and resources guide that accompanies each of my
videos. Now, on to the update.

Office 365: Get even more from your Home or Personal subscription
-----------------------------------------------------------------
[![Office 365 Update: October 2018](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Al_EkES_4zE/hqdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/Al_EkES_4zE?t=83 "Office 365 update Series")

[You’re about to get even more from your Office 365 Home or Personal
subscription!](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Office-365-Blog/You-re-about-to-get-even-more-from-your-Office-365-Home-or/ba-p/234907)

I know some you in our viewing audience subscribe to one of our Office 365
consumer plans. Good news if you fit that description and you, like me, have
more than one device at home.

Office 365 Home and Office 365 Personal subscriptions previously included device
install limits. Office 365 Home limited subscribers to 10 devices in total,
across five users, and Office 365 Personal limited subscribers to one PC or Mac
and one tablet.

As of October 2nd, subscribers can install Office on an unlimited number of
devices—and be signed into their accounts on up to five of those devices at the
same time.

And, for those with bigger families we’re also increasing the number of licenses
in a Home subscription from five to six, with no change in price. To be clear,
that’s six people with their own Office license and 1 TB of OneDrive cloud
storage each, for a total of 6 TB.

OneDrive: OneDrive Files On-Demand for Mac
------------------------------------------
[![Office 365 Update: October 2018](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Al_EkES_4zE/hqdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/Al_EkES_4zE?t=154 "Office 365 update Series")

[OneDrive Announcements at Ignite
2018](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Microsoft-OneDrive-Blog/OneDrive-Announcements-at-Ignite-2018/ba-p/255201)

In addition to my Surface book, I use a MacBook part-time, so I can stay up to
date on Office 365 for the Mac. So, it was music to my ears to learn that
Microsoft has announced a preview for an enhancement to OneDrive called Files
On-Demand that has been available on Windows for a few months. Files On-Demand
for Mac makes it easy to have access to all your files, but only have files you
need to be stored locally on the device, thereby reducing the amount of local
storage space consumed. You don‘t have to change the way you work, because all
your files can be seen in Finder and work just like every other file on your
device. Files On-Demand is available to consumer *and* commercial OneDrive
customers, and works across all your personal, work, and shared files in Office
365.

Status icons in Finder make it easy to know whether your files are locally
available or online. You can easily make files or folders always available, even
when you don’t have an Internet connection, by right-clicking and selecting
Always keep on this device.

Files On-Demand for Mac is now available for Office Insiders on macOS Mojave and
can also be enabled by running a simple script. Be sure to check out the blog
post we link to in the transcript and resources guide for additional information
if you’d like to try it out.

OneDrive: Super Zoom on iOS
---------------------------
[![Office 365 Update: October 2018](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Al_EkES_4zE/hqdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/Al_EkES_4zE?t=244 "Office 365 update Series")

[OneDrive Message Center Updates August 16th-August
31st](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Microsoft-OneDrive-Blog/OneDrive-Message-Center-Updates-August-16th-August-31st/ba-p/241920)

Who doesn’t store pictures on their phone or tablet, right? The new Super Zoom
feature enables OneDrive on iOS users to use a pinch gesture to zoom in and out
of the Photos view. Zoom out to easily scroll many photos at a time or zoom in
to get a larger preview of your photos as you browse. This feature is supported
on both OneDrive for Business as well as consumer accounts on iOS.

For those of you using OneDrive on Android devices, Super Zoom is already
available, but only for OneDrive consumer accounts and should be coming to
OneDrive for commercial accounts later this year.

Word & PowerPoint: Use \@mention in comments to tag someone for feedback
------------------------------------------------------------------------
[![Office 365 Update: October 2018](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Al_EkES_4zE/hqdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/Al_EkES_4zE?t=282 "Office 365 update Series")

[Use \@mention in comments to tag someone for
feedback](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/use-mention-in-comments-to-tag-someone-for-feedback-644bf689-31a0-4977-a4fb-afe01820c1fd)

*Note: This feature may not be available to Office Insiders yet, so don’t be too
surprised if you don’t see it if you are an insider.*

When you use what is commonly known as the “at” sign with someone’s name in
social media apps like Twitter or Facebook, the person you mention receives a
notification about that post or comment. You might also be using what I’ll call
\@mentions in Microsoft Teams, and Yammer, and I covered their introduction into
Outlook a while back.

Now you can use \@mentions in Word and PowerPoint to draw someone’s attention to
comments in a document or presentation you’re collaborating on. Just add the \@
sign, then type the name of and the person in your organization you are
collaborating with. That person receives an email with a link directly to your
comment. Clicking the link brings them into the document or presentation and
into the conversation. Using \@mentions in Office can help take the lag time out
of the collaboration process helping you get more work done, faster.

Outlook: A new user experience designed for Simplicity
------------------------------------------------------
[![Office 365 Update: October 2018](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Al_EkES_4zE/hqdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/Al_EkES_4zE?t=392 "Office 365 update Series")

[Designed for Simplicity: User experience updates to Outlook for
Windows](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Outlook-Blog/Designed-for-Simplicity-User-experience-updates-to-Outlook-for/ba-p/241590)

Sometimes when I hear about something new, I want to give it a try before
committing to it. That’s why the new “coming soon” functionality being
introduced to Outlook for Windows is so exciting. It gives Office insiders a
window of time to try new features on their own schedule before they are
released more broadly.

One of the new features being showcased using the new Coming Soon feature pane
is the new Simplified Ribbon. It lets you focus on the core of what you need,
displaying a single row of commands versus the three lines of commands in the
classic ribbon. It is still easily expandable so you're always in control. The
default set of commands in the simplified ribbon are those that are used most
frequently, and less frequently used commands are always still available with
just a click or two.

In addition to the simplified ribbon, we’ve made updates across the entire mail
and calendar experience to improve productivity and keep you more organized. Be
sure the visit the blog to learn more about all the new features and get more
detail about how Coming Soon will work.

Power BI Built-in report theme options
--------------------------------------
[![Office 365 Update: October 2018](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Al_EkES_4zE/hqdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/Al_EkES_4zE?t=410 "Office 365 update Series")

[Power BI Desktop September 2018 Feature
Summary](https://powerbi.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/power-bi-desktop-september-2018-feature-summary/#themes)

I’m sure most of you are familiar with applying themes in Word, Excel, and
PowerPoint to give your content a consistent set of fonts, colors and effects.
Power BI users might also be aware that the built-in color scheme for Power BI
visuals wasn’t pleasing to everyone. And, worse yet, modifying it could be
challenging. I’m happy to report that the Power BI team recently added the
option to apply new built-in themes to Power BI reports, similar to what you can
do with Word, Excel and PowerPoint. You’ll be able to see these new theme
options by selecting Switch Theme in the Home ribbon in Power BI Desktop.

All you need to do is pick your desired theme from one of seven new options, and
it will be applied to all your visuals that use the default color palette. You
can also find a link to the report theme gallery in the same place which
contains additional community-developed themes. In addition, you will find help
on creating your own theme if, for example, want to create one based on your
organization’s branding.

This update also includes a preview of a PDF file connector that lets you access
table data in PDF files, a preview of Intellisense support for the M language
used by Power BI, and a lot more. We provide links to everything you need to
know in the transcript and resources guide.

SharePoint: New file template management for document library content types
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
[![Office 365 Update: October 2018](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Al_EkES_4zE/hqdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/Al_EkES_4zE?t=499 "Office 365 update Series")

[Announcing new file template management for document library content
types](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Microsoft-SharePoint-Blog/Announcing-new-file-template-management-for-document-library/ba-p/238374)


SharePoint has been at the heart of document-centric collaboration since long
before Office 365 existed. SharePoint content types are essential to our vision
of how we’ll continue to deliver content services innovation in Office 365 and
by extension, Microsoft 365. That’s why it’s so thrilling to announce the
ability to add document templates to SharePoint document library content types. 
We’re also adding the ability to edit the New menu - to add, hide or reorder the
new file options.

With this new capability, you can maintain the default templates for things like
Word, Excel, and PowerPoint along with any newly added templates and content
types specific to your requirements. You can configure the New menu by selecting
(or deselecting) which templates you wish to see and by using drag and drop to
re-order the templates in the menu. You can edit the template directly in the
Office client, change the template's content type or delete the template.

While scoped to a single document library for now, we will expand these
capabilities to allow you to distribute and publish content types, with
associated templates and metadata definitions, to multiple site collections and
libraries in a single transaction.

Closing Comments
----------------
[![Office 365 Update: October 2018](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Al_EkES_4zE/hqdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/Al_EkES_4zE?t=588 "Office 365 update Series")

That’s it for this month. Remember, you can download the transcript and
resources document that accompanies this video at
<https://aka.ms/o365update-blog>.

I’m Jim Naroski, thanks for watching, and I’ll see you again soon!
